<div style="margin:auto;">
<iframe width="1000" height="630" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/Wc6bI16xuko" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

---

#### Raw Text

doesn't matter Steven P Jobs it's fine
Steve Jobs is fine in most companies if
you're new and you ask you know why is
it done this way the answer is because
that's the way we do it here or because
that's the way it's always been done and
in my opinion the largest contribution
of much of this quality thinking is to
approach these ways of doing things
these processes at scientifically where
there is a theory behind why we do them
there is a description of what we do and
most importantly there is an opportunity
to always question what we do and this
is a radically different approach to
business processes than the traditional
one because it's always done this way
and that single shift is everything in
my opinion because it in that shift is a
tremendous optimistic point of view
about the people that work in a company
it says these people are very smart
they're not they're not pawns they're
very smart and if given the opportunity
to change and improve they will they
will improve the processes if there's if
there's a mechanism for it and that that
optimistic humanism I find very
appealing and I think we have countless
examples that it works
